{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 About the Images
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 Restrictions for Using NOAA Images
\b0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Most NOAA photos and slides are in the public domain and 
\b \cf2 CANNOT
\b0 \cf0  be copyrighted. \uc0\u8232 There is no fee for downloading any images on the NOAA Photo Library.\'a0 Educational use is encouraged as the primary goal of the NOAA Photo Library is to help all understand our oceans and atmosphere so as to be better stewards of our environment for future generations.\u8232 \'a0\'a0 \u8232 A few photos in the NOAA Photo Library that are known to have copyright restrictions are so noted in the caption information associated with those images.\'a0\u8232 \u8232 Credit 
\b \cf2 MUST
\b0 \cf0  be given to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration/Department of Commerce.\'a0 Where a photographer is noted, please credit the photographer and his/her affiliated organization as well.\uc0\u8232 \'a0 \u8232 
\b Downloading Images
\b0  \uc0\u8232 \u8232 If you wish to download an image, click below the image caption on High Resolution Photo. This will download a high resolution "jpg" image that can be saved by rightclicking your mouse for printing or manipulation within a graphics software program. 
\f1\fs24 \
}